Doc changes to address frequently asked questions (#2209)
celo-org/celo-monorepo: packages/docs/command-line-interface/election.md

### Activate

> Activate pending votes in validator elections to begin earning rewards. It is required to activate your pending votes at some point after the end of the epoch in which they were made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activate pending votes in validator elections to begin earning rewards. To earn rewards as a voter, is required to activate your pending votes at some point after the end of the epoch in which they were made.
```

> Activate pending votes in validator elections to begin earning rewards. To earn rewards as a voter, is required to activate your pending votes at some point after the end of the epoch in which they were made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activate pending votes in validator elections to begin earning rewards. To earn rewards as a voter, it is required to activate your pending votes at some point after the end of the epoch in which they were made.
```
